{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red235\green16\blue47;\red39\green129\blue201;\red39\green129\blue201;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c94902\c17255\c23922;\cssrgb\c18039\c58431\c82745;\cssrgb\c18039\c58431\c82745;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 CNOEC_FINAL_PROJECT: Solar Panel, Grid, and Battery Optimization\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec5 Description:\strokec4 \
\
The submission folder contains the simulation code of the project. The task of said project is already fully described in the submitted report.\
\
Table \strokec6 of\strokec4  Contents:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - Usage\cf2 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - Folder Structure\
\
Usage:\
In the submission folder, different examples of operation are showcased. The main example, pertains to the folder \'93Project_folder_Final\'94.\
\
[Project_folder_Final]:\
In it, code to run complete simulations is included. The complete simulations takes several days to run, these simulated results will be presented the date of the presentation. For simplicity, we have provided two ways to verify its functionality: \
	a. A code that performs very little iterations, with \
	   significantly less variables. The goal is to demonstrate\
	   working code.\
	b. A .mat file with the workspace produced post optimisation  is\
	   provided. And it can be plotted with:_____________\
\
As per point (a.), reducing the number of variables N (SEE LINE 47), a much faster execution es expected. It is also possible to modify at what moment does the simulation start,  by default they start at midnight. (SEE LINE __)\
\
There is an attached folder called \'93Project_folder_nocooling_final\'94, it includes a simplified version of the system, in which no cooling system is included. It was meant to act as benchmarking versus the complete system.\
\
\
[USAGE INSTRUCTIONS]\
1. Add Project_folder_Final to path\
2. Run main_sempl.m\
3. Dynamic Equations of the system are found in costfunc_constr_sempl.m\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Folder \strokec6 Structure\strokec4 :\
\
For simplicity, only the roots of relevant files will be mentioned.\
\
project-root/\
\uc0\u9474 \
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  Implementation_FHOCP/\
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf2 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 Project_folder_Final\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 /\
\uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  costfunc_constr_sempl.m\
\uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  main_sempl.m\
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf2 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 Project_folder_nocooling_final\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 /\
\uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  \cf2 \cb4 \strokec4 costfunc_constr_noccoling\outl0\strokewidth0 .m\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\uc0\u9474    \u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  MAIN_nocooling\
\uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  file-5\
\uc0\u9474 \
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  Implementation MPC/\
\uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  file-6\
\uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  file-7\
\uc0\u9474 \
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  file-8\
\uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472  file-9\
}